c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\billetflix.dll.config
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\billetflix.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\billetflix.pdb
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\obj\Debug\billetflix.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\obj\Debug\billetflix.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\obj\Debug\billetflix.pdb
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vill0237\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\billetflix\billetflix\bin\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
